hey guys welcome to my channel sometimes
people tell you it's too late to study
today we're going to talk about this
topic but from the science perspective
like when is our brain too old to study
when we are too old to study and I'm
wearing this beautiful makeup today
because I was shooting a cover for in my
book that's coming out in March but
coming out in Russia and but I'm gonna
keep you posted about the English
version of it I'm keeping you posted on
Instagram so if you're not yet
subscribed lingua marina subscribe and
now we're gonna talk about the age when
you're too late to study from
linguistics perspective when we talk
about children
we will bring an Italian child to an
American environment and the child is 4
years old when he's 5 years old his
english is perfect he doesn't have an
accent
even replaces italian with english
speakers our brain when were younger
it's a lot more flexible and it will
learn faster when somebody comes to
America at the age of 35 I came to
America at the age of 25 and I still
have this accent and I would need maybe
extra 10 years to get rid of it
completely or maybe it would never
happen I see two reasons behind that
reason number one is yes our brain gets
older we have these neurons that form
connections and these connections allow
us to do scientific work they allow us
to create and when we get older there is
less blood going to neurons and yes bate
died
therefore we form less connections
second reason is that when we grow up we
have this feeling that society already
owes us like I've been an accountant for
10 years and now I started studying
photography and I want people to respect
me and I don't want to live with the
feeling that I'm behind the class and
I'm learning something new that I'm not
an expert like if you've been an expert
for 10 years and then you put into place
when you're not an expert you're like oh
I don't want to be there I feel like you
know I'm a bigger part of society I want
more respect and this actually stops us
when you think about children like this
four year old Italian guy when he comes
to the kindergarten he doesn't think
about what the
girl thinks about my ex and he just
talks he just enjoys when we're 35 and
we try to mimic American acts and we're
like Oh what does this guy think about
me maybe I sound weird maybe while I
sound weird to myself so there's a lot
of psychology behind that as well that
prevents us from learning from going
into new environments I will tell you a
story that motivates me throughout my
life
well I only found out about this story
five years ago I have a great-uncle so
he's no less father and no Lee is my
cousin whatever so he's a distant
relative at the age of 50 something he
moved to America from the USSR with four
kids with very bad English but he's a
really good scientist so he wasn't he
was invited to an American University to
read lectures and he did it and thirty
years passed he has houses he's a
10-year professor yes it was scared yes
his relatives were like how can you just
immigrate an age of fifty but for me
this is so inspiring at the age of fifty
he changed his life completely he
changed the life his family he went
through a lot of hard times there's only
sorry's when olya couldn't buy a t-shirt
because it was like one dollar and they
didn't have a dollar and when they had
to share an apple I'm on four kids yes
there were a lot of hard times but when
I see his success now you can actually
Google him his name is Michael and in
some of he's on Wikipedia I tried to
film his so many times for my blossoming
he's like no no no I have a via PDF page
you can read everything about me but his
story is so inspiring and I'm so honored
to be like his distant relative Story
number two when I was applying for
admissions in America at the age of 24
in Russia at the age of 24 year was such
a family you would have a kid you would
not think about your education really in
some well smaller cities it's changing
but there is this society that tells you
wow this is too late to study but when
you go through this feeling that you're
learning something new when you get this
dopamine like when you learn something
and you can apply it you're like oh my
god this is happening so and then I
studied at the age of 27 I went to study
filmmaking in LA now I'm studying how to
write great text I'm not a journalist
but I just love what's happening in on
Instagram
when you can write a lot of great posts
this is what I'm learning to do now I
think the key here is to find something
that motivates you to work every day
like find something that is yours
blogging coding you can actually watch a
video about top professions that are
gonna be in demand in future so
something like this that would drive you
and you would get rid of this society
telling you what to do because guess
what they're not responsible for your
happiness if you're unhappy in ten years
they're gonna say huh this is your life
deal with it yourself and no they're
trying to give you advice sorry
second when you have this thing that you
really love you will just be okay with
feeling really bad about yourself like
when I'm writing some posts and then I'm
reading other bloggers I'm like oh my
god I'm so low level but this just
motivates me to work harder and I am 28
guess what I'm still studying so I think
age is nothing yes it's harder for us to
study when we're older but again we can
train our brain we can increase the
blood flow into the brain so it works by
the way a great way to increase blood
flow in your brain if you're learning
English is to attend our intensive
course on tenses or American
pronunciation I leave two links below
this is a lingual trip my company I just
recorded these two courses together with
our teachers learn every day and you
will preserve your brain for as long as
you can thank you so much watching this
video and I have a riddle for you start
training your brain now turn me on the
side and I'm everything cut me in half
and I'm nothing
what am I don't look anywhere just think
for yourself don't look at the comments
and write a comment below and see if
you're right thank you so much for
watching this up to the very end please
subscribe to this channel if you're not
yet subscribe hit like if you like this
video and I'll see you soon in the next
logs bye